Completed CodePen: https://codepen.io/Elias1/pen/qBOWBeK?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is markup that provides meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used for the base content of the website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is a modifier of an HTML element and we put it in the tags <>.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to designate the main heading. No more than one time per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Image and anchor tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        The header with all the navigation links and whatever images that need to be up there. 
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute used to assign to one specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add an id to any element but the more common ones are divs, sections, headers, footers, and navs.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can only use the same id once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute used to assign to multiple elements at once.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any element but the more common ones are divs, sections, headers, footers, and navs.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use the same class as much as you want while keeping in mind that any element with that tag will have those assigned features.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        You add in target="_blank" after the link src.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        The alt attribute in the image tag is used for describing the image shown so that screen readers and other accessability tools can read them. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        To reference an id you use the #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        A section is used to hold a lot of elements and a div is used to hold smaller amounts of elements.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for styling HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        In the CSS file you would type in h2 as the selector.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is used when you want to style multiple elements at once and an id is used when you want to style one element at a time. An example for a class would be when you want to style all the sub-headings a certain way. An example for an id would be when you want to style the h1 heading.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        We select classes in CSS by putting a period before the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        You would select it by typing .human p.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The parent child selector is a selector that selects all elements that are a direct child of a specified element. It would be useful to use when you need to manipulate the direct children of an element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        You would type .sidebar a.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A psuedo selector is a selector that is used when you want a specific element in a certain state, i.e. hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        We use the line-height property in the CSS selector that we want to change the spacing in.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        We use the letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        We use text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; and text-transform: capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        You type border: 1px dotted black.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        You use the universal selector, *.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        You start by typing /* and ending with */.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        You type out pwd and hit enter.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        You type out ls and hit enter.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        You type out rm and hit enter. You have to be careful because the files are permanently deleted and don't go to a trash bin.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control helps keep track of changes and if you lose something you can go back to an earlier version. It also helps with teamwork and collaberation.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commit to github at least every twenty minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        The command is git push -u origin branch name.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        You first fork the repo, clone the repo, create a new branch, open vscode, work on the project while commiting to git every twenty minutes, after you're completed push to the repo, and submit a new pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        An inline element doesn't force a new line to start and a block element causes a new line to start.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        The element is fixed to that position and can't go anywhere else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        You would use the padding property.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Three display block by default elements are p, heading tags, and unordered list. Two display inline by default elements are the anchor tag and button tag. One element that is display inline-block by default is the nav tag.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        The box model is a model that explains the layers of space around an element. The outermost layer is the position. The next layer is margin. Then border. And finally padding. The "fix" for the box model is the box-sizing property.